# Problem 220: 196678. MongoDB.

Do you know what is MongoDB? No? It is a document based key-value database. But what is it document and what does it mean “key-value database”? Okay, let’s explore this on the example.

Imagine you have an empty document. You can insert some key-value pair to this document. However the keys in the document must be unique. So, if you want to insert a new key-value pair and there is already some pair with same key in the document, the value is replaced by a new one.

Also, you can get a value by specifying the key, if such key exists.

So your task is to emulate one document of the MongoDB. Initially, you have an empty documents, and you will be given *n* commands. There is two types of the commands:

- “set keyvalue” - this command requires you to “add” to the document a new “key” - “value” pair.
- “get key” - this command requires you to print the value associated with the given “key”, if such key exists. Otherwise, you should print “KE: no key <KEY> found in the document”, where <KEY> should be replace by a given key.

## Input format
The first line of input contains an integer *n* - the number of commands (1 <= *n* <= 10^5). Each of the next *n* lines contains one of the two types of commands.

## Output format
For each “get” command, print the value associated with given key (or an error in a format specified in the statements if there is no such key in the “document”).

## Examples

### Input
10
set s0m3_c001_k3y s0m3_c001_v41u3
set some_key some_other_value
get some_key
get no_key
set no_key no_value
get no_ke
get s0m3_c001_k3y
set s0m3_c001_k3y some_value
get s0m3_c001_k3y
get xx_key

### Output
some_other_value
KE: no key no_key found in the document
KE: no key no_ke found in the document
s0m3_c001_v41u3
some_value
KE: no key xx_key found in the document

### Input
6
get aaa
get bbb
get ccc
set aaa sm_vl
get aa
get aaa

### Output
KE: no key aaa found in the document
KE: no key bbb found in the document
KE: no key ccc found in the document
KE: no key aa found in the document
sm_vl